well guys these lessons are part of my
software called the flash brain anatomy
you can check it out and purchase it I
put my website bounder and description
flash brain anatomy calm in this lesson
I will talk about the areas of the
cortex of course there are 52 arias
according to the broad men's map of the
brain cortex however I don't think your
teacher or competitor the last kid and
all that and we will just go through
some areas of the brain good have a
great functional significance and we
will not discuss all 52 areas of
problems map of the cortex okay we have
the primary sensible cortex here on the
cost central gyrus okay and this cortex
here is important for receiving the
signal from setters all over the body on
the medial side of the brain you can
still notice the that part of the cortex
here okay then we have the primary motor
cortex and it's in the precentral gyrus
here and you can notice the same
functional area right here
on the other side of the right the
reason why this is called the fast
central and this is a free central is
because of the central sulcus here this
is the central sulcus okay and the gyrus
here is called across central and the
gyrus ears of the precentral gyrus then
right here we have the secondary motor
cortex this core tech is important for
writing buying piano in such more
complicated movements they are
associated with learning through time
and while growing up the one truly
important part of that cortex is here on
this
ascending part of the lateral sulcus
here and this part is important for
speech movements if if there is a stroke
or this part of the brain is damaged the
patient will be available to understand
what is being told to him
but he won't be able to pronounce the
words to articulate words to make
sentences and because he won't be able
to coordinate his mouth movement in
tongue movement these lessons are part
of my software called the flash brain
anatomy you can check it out and
purchase it I put my website down there
and description flash brain anatomy calm
okay and here we have the calcarine
fissure and the cortex around it is the
primary visual cortex it is the cortex
around the calcarine fissure and is
important for receiving the signal from
your eyes however the area that is
important for perception and
understanding what is seen and
remembering what was seen before it is
not the primary visual cortex it is a
bit more further from the calcarine
fissure and it is marked as an area 18
by Broadman now if your primary cortex
works fine you will be able to receive
the signal from your eyes through the
optic tract and nerve but if your
secondary visual cortex doesn't work you
won't be able to understand what you see
you won't be able to understand with
what is in front of you until you touch
it and it's really interesting how
patients with such problems are not able
to recognize for example a mobile phone
for example if they are looking at it
and however if they take the phone
immediately they know what it is
okay so this part of the cortex is
important for receiving the auditory
signal it is not important for
perception of the signal but just
receiving the signal itself okay and
this gyrus here is called the
supramarginal gyrus and this area is
important for understanding the speech
so here you receive the signal auditory
signal and this area understand the
speech if there is a stroke
in this part of the brain or this part
of the brain is damaged patient will be
able to receive the signal in this part
of the brain but he won't be able to
understand what it's being told to him
these lessons are part of my software
called a flash brain anatomy you can
check it out and purchase it I put my
website down there in description flash
brain anatomy calm then here we have the
angular gyrus and this area is important
for reading words it's called the visual
speech Center if this part is damaged
not only you affect the ability to read
but it also affects the ability to write
and both of these last two parts are
usually located in the dominative part
of the hemisphere the speech recognition
area and the original speech Center they
are both located usually in the dominant
hemisphere of the brain there are also
areas for tertiary motor functions and
sensible centers and for very
complicated processes like logic
thinking playing you know being talented
for something whether it's math or I
don't know and these areas are hard to
differentiate because they really depend
on infant individuality of each person
so some person might have parts really
really developed so for for example
someone is talented for math or playing
piano and so on and in coordinating
music with the speech it is really it's
really hard to find these areas because
some persons don't
bellows some half and so on this these
lessons come as a part of my software
that you can final flash brain anatomy
comm there you can find a complete
compilation of my flash lessons together
with my 3d models interactive anatomy
and with my software I guarantee you you
can learn the narrow anatomy in just two
weeks I hope this was helpful to you and
if you're not gonna buy my software and
at least like subscribe or comment thank
you for watching